Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're going to be looking at numerical comparisons.
So how to compare numbers with each other when it comes to comparing numbers.
It makes it pretty simple that age equals 18.
And as you can see we don't surround the 8 digits in single or double quotes because they're numbers.
We only do that with strings age equals 18.
True.
Perfect.
We can also test to see if two numbers are not equal to each other.
And the way we do that is let's just pop open a new file
for us.
Let's save this save as this top and save it as numbers and I'll just replace what I have there.
The place.
Perfect.
OK so let's say age equals 23.
If age is not equal to 22.
So somebody's birthday who is 22 not 23 percent
sorry.
No cake for you which is a bit mean.
But anyway it makes our point.
And let's say that.
Now let's run us.
And there we go.
Sorry.
No cake for you.
We can also use several mathematical comparisons in our statements.
Let's have a look at it.
So we've already seen the equal sign.
Now what about less than.
So we give an age the value of 21.
So age is less than the value 21 favs.
OK let's say age graded and 21.
How about age less than or equal to 21.
True.
Perfect.
How about age greater than or equal to 21.
True because the age is equal to 21.
That's it for this lovely short lecture on numerical comparisons and we look at these later on in future
lectures.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.